# DARIUS INC. GENERAL SOFTWARE LICENSE
Copyright (c) 2021 Darius Inc.

Version 1.3, April 2021

PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT (“LICENSE”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE DARIUS INCORPORATED SOFTWARE. BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, DO NOT INSTALL AND/OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

1. This software is hereby granted, either free of charge or licensed, to any person obtaining a copy of this software. You may download, install, use, delete, share or comment about this piece of software. However, you may NOT, and you agree not to or enable others to modify, redistribute, re-compile, de-compile, reverse engineer, disassemble, decrypt, create derivative change, attempt to derive the source code or tamper with this piece of software without approval from the Parent Company owning this piece of software (generally Darius Inc.).

2. The title and intellectual property rights to any content displayed by, generated by, made by or accessed through the Darius Inc. Software belongs to the respective content owner. Such content may be protected by copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties, and may be subject to terms of use of the third party providing such content. Except as otherwise provided herein, this License does not grant you any rights to use such content nor does it guarantee that such content will continue to be available to you.

3. **If Applicable:** This piece of software was built and is using Apple's own Developer Tools, APIs and Services, targeting Apple Platforms only(namely macOS® Big Sur and later, iOS/iPadOS® 14 and later, watchOS® 7 and later, and tvOS® 14 or later.). This content may not appear, be modified to run on, presented, be associated with or be used from anything other than an Apple Device running Apple's macOS, iOS, iPadOS, watchOS or tvOS Operating Systems.

4. **If Applicable:** macOS®, iOS®, iPadOS®, watchOS®, tvOS®, Mac®, iPhone®, iPad®, Apple Watch®, Apple TV® and others are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. for Apple Trademarks, visit https://www.apple.com/legal/intellectual-property/trademark/appletmlist.html

5. **If Applicable:** Windows®, Visual Studio®, Visual C++® and others are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation., registered in the U.S. and other countries. for Microsoft Trademarks, visit https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/Trademarks/EN-US.aspx

6. This software is only available and shall only be used in the European Union, namely West-Europe. and North America. This software is not approved / does not conform to regulations to run outside of Europe and North America, even though it may be localized in other international languages, such as English (US).

7. This piece of software and other software made by Darius Inc. and their Technologies are all Trademarks (TM) registered to Darius Inc. in the European Union and the United States.

8. This piece of software's features may only be used in Software by Darius Inc. Other Contents, Frameworks and Resources may not be reused for content not approved or made by Darius Inc.

9. This piece of software may however be used for its intended purpose without special approval from Darius Inc.

10. This License is effective until terminated. Your rights under this License will terminate automatically or otherwise cease to be effective without notice from Darius Inc. if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this License. Upon the termination of this License, you shall cease all use of the Darius Inc. Software and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Software.

11. You further acknowledge that the software and services are not intended or suitable for use in situations or environments where the failure or time delays of, or errors or inaccuracies in the content, data or information provided by the software or services could lead to death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage, including without limitation the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic control, life support or weapons systems unless specifically noted.

12. Darius Inc. at its discretion, may make available future "upgrades" or "updates" to the Darius Inc. Software. Unless otherwise noted, you are free to use an older version of the Darius Inc. software without upgrading.

13. While Darius Inc., at its core, respects your privacy and doesn't, and will not collect any usage data or "telemetry". Some of our services may be hosted by different providers (eg. Google Cloud), where their privacy policy terms applies.

14. While there are no restrictions on sharing free software, any licensed software may only be used by the entity that owns the rights to use it or be shared internally.

15. Darius Inc. software is licensed to you, not sold to you. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software. Darius Inc. reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. See "1." for more info about what is not allowed.

16. You may make backup copies of the software for archival, but you may not modify the backup.

17. This license does not override any applicable existing copyright or contract law in your nation, ratter appends to them.

18. Unless otherwise specified, Darius Inc. Software is only available on their targeted platforms, where some platform specific conditions apply.

19. Unless otherwise noted, This content is not affiliated with, endorsed, sponsored, or specifically approved by the targeted platform's parent company (eg. Apple Inc. for Apple Software) and is not responsible for it. For more information see their content policies.

20. You agree that you (and only you) are liable for any content you may produce using Darius Inc. Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

© 2021 Darius Inc. All rights reserved.
